Minor Update (#155)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/dmChannelID.md

# $dmChannelID

> Retrieves the DM channel ID of the provided user id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the DM channel ID for the provided user id.
```

## Usage
```
$dmChannelID[userID]
```

> - `userID` - The user to fetch its DM channel ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `userID` - The user for whom to fetch the DM channel ID for
```
